Update Nvidia-ROS2-Projects.rst (#3977)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Related-Projects/Nvidia-ROS2-Projects.rst

ISAAC ROS Projects
------------------
* `Pre-built ROS 2 Humble support <https://nvidia-isaac-ros.github.io/getting_started/isaac_ros_buildfarm_cdn.html>`__: Pre-built Debian packages for ROS 2 Humble on Ubuntu 20.04 for Jetson and other aarch64 platforms from the NVIDIA build farm.
* `CUDA with NITROS <https://nvidia-isaac-ros.github.io/concepts/nitros/cuda_with_nitros.html>`__: This helps users develop their own CUDA enabled nodes that work with NITROS, the Isaac ROS implementation of type adaptation & type negotiation which enables accelerated computing in ROS 2.

> * `Isaac ROS NITROS Bridge <https://github.com/NVIDIA-ISAAC-ROS/isaac_ros_nitros_bridge>`__: NITROS bridge for optimized integration of Isaac ROS packages with existing ROS 1 applications. This provides accelerated computing in Noetic (and other ROS versions) with >2x speed up compared to a traditional ROS bridge.

Reviewer: Is this also supported with Iron? if not, it would be better to specify that it supports Humble?

```suggestion
* `Isaac ROS NITROS Bridge <https://github.com/NVIDIA-ISAAC-ROS/isaac_ros_nitros_bridge>`__: NITROS bridge for optimized integration of Isaac ROS packages with existing ROS 1 applications. This provides accelerated computing in Noetic and Humble with >2x speed up compared to a traditional ROS bridge.
```

Author: Isaac ROS containers are all Humble and the NITROS bridge supports integration of Noetic and other ROS 1 versions with Humble.

Reviewer 2: Since this is the ROS 2 documentation, I don't think we should link to ROS 1 packages or encourage them (unless it is bridging from ROS 1 to ROS 2).  So I'd say let's remove this line, or edit it to remove the reference to Noetic.

Author: This does in fact bridge from ROS 1 to ROS 2. The project includes 2 converter nodes (1 to be used on the ROS 1 side and the other to be used on the ROS 2 side). I could rephrase the sentence to - "Use this to bridge your ROS applications to ROS 2 for accelerated computing with >2x speed up compared to using a traditional ROS bridge". Would that be better?

Reviewer 2: > "Use this to bridge your ROS applications to ROS 2 for accelerated computing with >2x speed up compared to using a traditional ROS bridge". Would that be better?

Yep, that sounds great!

Author: Thanks, I made the change.

* `Nova Carter <https://nvidia-isaac-ros.github.io/robots/nova_carter.html>`__: A reference AMR for robotics development and research, powered by Isaac ROS and Nav2, and tuned with Open Navigation for teleoperation, mapping, and navigation.
* `Isaac ROS Nova <https://github.com/NVIDIA-ISAAC-ROS/isaac_ros_nova>`__: This repository provides a set of optimized packages to interface with the Isaac Nova Orin sensor suite.

> * `Isaac ROS Pose Estimation <https://github.com/NVIDIA-ISAAC-ROS/isaac_ros_pose_estimation>`__: This repository contains ROS 2 packages to predict the pose of an object.

Reviewer: Is this only supported for Humble but Iron?

```suggestion
* `Isaac ROS Pose Estimation <https://github.com/NVIDIA-ISAAC-ROS/isaac_ros_pose_estimation>`__: This repository contains ROS 2 Humble packages to predict the pose of an object.
```

Author: Isaac ROS containers are all Humble and there haven't been efforts towards validating on Iron.

Reviewer 2: I think because this is on the `humble` branch, we don't need to specify "Humble" in the sentence.  That is, I think we can leave @AsawareeBhide 's original sentence here.
